Add KGO Dataplane documentation (#1384)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/operator/reference/version-compatibility.md

---
title: "Version compatibility"
description: "Understand which versions of {{ site.kic_product_name }}, Kubernetes and the Gateway API {{ site.operator_product_name }} works with"
content_type: reference
layout: reference
products:
  - operator
breadcrumbs:
  - /operator/
  - index: operator
    section: Reference

---

> The following table presents the general compatibility of {{site.kgo_product_name}} with {{ site.kic_product_name }} minor versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following tables present the general compatibility of {{site.kgo_product_name}} with {{ site.kic_product_name }} minor versions.
```
